Recently, there have been frequent attacks against Asians, especially vulnerable Asians in the United States. On March 17th, a video of 76-year-old Asian woman Xie Xiaozhen being punched in the eye by a white man caused a lot of media and public attention. In fact, in January this year, a 91-year-old man in Oakland's Chinatown was pushed to the ground and accused of contracting COVID-19; MSN News reported on March 15 that Nancy Tang, an 83-year-old Asian woman, was spat on, punched and called a "Chinese virus" by a white middle-aged man in Plains; and NBC News reported that some people in the U.S. had launched an online challenge “slap Asians” to incite random attacks by teenagers on Public Transportation in San Francisco. It is specifically targeted at Asian seniors and women. On the 19th, a 58-year-old Asian woman was harassed by several young people on a bus. With the spread of the COVID-19, more and more such incidents follow. The nongovernmental organization “Stop AAPI Hate” received 2,800 reports in 2020, of which about 240 involved physical assault. Since last year, when AAPI Emergency Response Network began tracking hate incidents directly linked to the COVID-19 disease, more than 3,000 reports have been received. Asian-Americans being spat, beaten, cut and even thrown chemicals. Recently, there have been frequent attacks against Asians, especially vulnerable Asians in the United States. On March 17th, a video of 76-year-old Asian woman Xie Xiaozhen being punched in the eye by a white man caused a lot of media and public attention. In fact, in January this year, a 91-year-old man in Oakland's Chinatown was pushed to the ground and accused of contracting COVID-19; MSN News reported on March 15 that Nancy Tang, an 83-year-old Asian woman, was spat on, punched and called a "Chinese virus" by a white middle-aged man in Plains; and NBC News reported that some people in the U.S. had launched an online challenge “slap Asians” to incite random attacks by teenagers on Public Transportation in San Francisco. It is specifically targeted at Asian seniors and women. On the 19th, a 58-year-old Asian woman was harassed by several young people on a bus. With the spread of the COVID-19, more and more such incidents follow. The nongovernmental organization “Stop AAPI Hate” received 2,800 reports in 2020, of which about 240 involved physical assault. Since last year, when AAPI Emergency Response Network began tracking hate incidents directly linked to the COVID-19 disease, more than 3,000 reports have been received. Asian-Americans being spat, beaten, cut and even thrown chemicals. 
